feat(redis): add DB menu MTA-2004 (#696)
scaleway/docs-content: macros/storage/managed-databases.mdx

macro: storage-managed-databases
---

> Databases provides fully-managed relational Database Instances, providing MySQL and PostgreSQL as database engines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Databases for PostgreSQL and MySQL provide fully-managed Relational Database Instances, providing MySQL and PostgreSQL as database engines.
```
